# My-path-on-data-science
These are the codes that I completed during my course and training in Data Science. 
There are several exercises and functions built as below:

1) An exercise in dictionary
A simple exercise applying dictionary data structure, by inputing a list of numbers, the function will return the number which only appears once from the list.
For example, by running: the_only_one([1,2,3,2,1],
the function will return 3 as it only appears once from the list.

2) Guess A Number
A game to let the player guess a random number generated by the computer.
To start the game, you may input the lower bound and upper bound by your choice, for example, check_ans(1, 99).
The game will be started accordingly by generating an answer from 1 to 99.
You may try 20 times for one game. Try to guess the correct number until the limit is reached!

3) Paper Scissors Rock
A tradional game in our childhood, maybe also a game for us to decide our priority in some condition.
The rule is simple:
a) Rock beats Scissors 
b) Scissors beats Paper 
c) Paper beats Rock
If both the player and the computer input the same answer, it would be a tie.
To start the game, you may enter the number of rounds that you prefer to play, for example, check_ans(10).
A 10-rounds game will be strated accordingly, after 10 rounds, you will find out who wins the game finally.

4) 04_exercise-2
Various exercises done in the python lesson.

i) fibonacci
A Python program to get the Fibonacci series between 0 to i. i has to be >= 1 and is input by user. 
The Fibonnaci seqence is a sequence of numbers where the next number in the sequence is the sum of the previous two numbers in the sequence. 
The sequence looks like this: 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, …

Example:
Input: 10
Output: [1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55]

ii) factorial
A program which can compute the factorial of a given number. 
And then write a program to return the series of factorials from 1 to n, given an input of integer n. 
The results should be printed in a comma-separated sequence on a single line.

Example:
Input: 8
Output: [1, 1, 2, 6, 24, 120, 720, 5040, 40320]

iii) common prefix
A function to find the longest common prefix string amongst an array of strings.
If there is no common prefix, return an empty string "".

Example 1:
Input: ["flower","flow","flight"]
Output: "fl"

Example 2:
Input: ["dog","racecar","car"]
Output: ""

iv) Check if a list if numbers return wheter any two sums to the input number
Given a list of numbers, return whether any two sums to k. 
For example, given [10, 15, 3, 7] and k of 17, return true since 10 + 7 is 17.

5) List up the items and price at price.com (HK)
There is a Hong Kong website, price.com (https://www.price.com.hk/), which can search the items and prices listed by Hong Kong different shops.
This function helps users to list up the searching result by applying web crawling.
A dictionary will be return by listing up the item names and relevant prices shown in price.com.
By inputing your requested keyword, like price_dot_com("dyson"), the relevant dictionary will be returned.
Be careful that the input should be in string, which means quotation marks ("" or '') is required outside the keyword itself.
Also pay attention that it may takes more time due to your keyword, so please be patient until the crawling is finished.
